In this video, you will learn
to describe what is meant
by Non-Repudiation and how
it applies to the CIA Triad.
Another key term that we need to
understand is something
called Non-Repudiation.
Non-Repudiation is pretty simple.
It's actually about the proof
that the identity of
the data sender or
the data receiver
is not modify, is not altered.
Not even on the transit,
but in the origin of the data.
So for example, how could
we use something or how
could we implement
some technology
that will allow us to understand.
If somebody send an e-mail,
that person is
actually that person,
is not an attacker
from another country trying
to impersonate the person
that sent the e-mail.
So that's something that we
normally implement with
digital signatures.
Obviously, for example,
this specific scenario,
if we go to our mail server,
we could also go to the
logs and see if somebody,
for example, if
Kenneth send an e-mail
to his boss saying that he quit.
So if there is no locks,
if there is no
digital signature on
the receiver side that
says that Kenneth
send this e-mail,
that should be something
important to keep in
mind for the
Non-Repudiation concept.
So as soon as Kenneth's boss
goes to Kenneth's
office and says,
"Hey, are you really
quitting here?"
That's something that this
now Kenneth could
say like, "Hey, no.
I'm actually not
sending those e-mails.
Somebody is trying
to impersonate."
So that's something that
we're going to talk
about in the future,
how could we use encryption,
how could we use
our public key infrastructure
to generate digital signatures,
and how could we understand
logs in different systems.
But at this moment,
it's important to understand
this concept, the
Non-Repudiation concept.